The Novice—Mrs. Benson—Mary—Mrs. Benson’s Correspondence with Mrs.
Egerton—Miss Evelyn—Eliza

There were three of us—Mary, Eliza, and myself. I was approaching
fifteen, Mary was about a year younger, and Eliza between twelve and
thirteen years of age. Mamma treated us all as children, and was blind
to the fact that I was no longer what I had been. Although not tall for
my age, nor outwardly presenting a manly appearance, my passions were
awakening, and the distinctive feature of my sex, although in repose it
looked magnificent enough, was very sufficiently developed when under
the influence of feminine excitement.

As yet, I had absolutely no knowledge of the uses of the different
organs of sex. My sisters and I all slept in the same room. They
together in one bed, I alone in another. When no one was present, we had
often mutually examined the different formations of our sexes.

We had discovered that mutual handlings gave a certain amount of
pleasing sensation; and, latterly, my eldest sister had discovered that
the hooding and unhooding of my doodle, as she called it, instantly
caused it to swell up and stiffen as hard as a piece of wood. My feeling
of her little pinky slit gave rise in her to nice sensations, but on the
slightest attempt to insert even my finger, the pain was too great. We
had made so little progress in the _attouchements_ that not the
slightest inkling of what could be done in that way dawned upon us. I
had begun to develop a slight growth of moss-like curls round the root
of my cock; and then, to our surprise, Mary began to show a similar
tendency. As yet, Eliza was as bald as her hand, but both were prettily
formed, with wonderfully full and fat mounts of Venus. We were perfectly
innocent of guile and quite habituated to let each other look at all our
naked bodies without the slightest hesitation; and when playing in the
garden, if one wanted to relieve the pressure on the bladder, we all
squatted down together, and crossed waters, each trying who could piddle
fastest. Notwithstanding these symptoms of passion when excited, in a
state of calm I might have passed for a boy of ten or eleven.

My father had left us but moderately provided for, and mamma, wishing to
live comfortably, preferred giving me lessons along with my sisters at
home to sending me to school; but her health beginning to fail, she
inserted an advertisement in the _Times_ for a governess. Out of a large
number of applicants, a young lady, of the name of Evelyn, was selected.
Some ten days afterwards she arrived, and became one of the family.

We did not see much of her the first evening, but after breakfast the
following morning, mamma accompanied her to what was considered our
schoolroom, and said, “Now, my dears, I place you under Miss Evelyn’s
care; you must obey her in all things; she will teach you your lessons,
as I am unable to do so any longer.” Then, turning to our new governess,
“I fear you will find them somewhat spoiled, and unruly; but there is a
horse, and Susan will make you excellent birch rods whenever you require
them. If you spare their bottoms when they deserve whipping, you will
seriously offend me.” As mamma said this, I observed Miss Evelyn’s eyes
appeared to dilate with a sort of joy, and I felt certain that, severely
as mamma had often whipped us, if we should now deserve it, Miss Evelyn
would administer it much more severely. She looked amiability itself,
and was truly beautiful in face and person, twenty-two years of age,
full and finely formed, and dressed always with the most studied
neatness. She was, in truth, a seductive creature. She made an
instantaneous impression on my senses. There was, however, somewhat of a
sternness of expression, and a dignity of carriage, which caused at once
to fear and respect her. Of course, at first, all went smoothly enough,
and seeing that mamma treated me precisely as she did my sisters, I came
to be regarded as quite a child by Miss Evelyn. She found that she had
to sleep in the same room with my sisters and myself. I fancied that on
the first night Miss Evelyn did not approve of this arrangement, but
gradually became familiarized with it, and seemed to think no more about
it.

When bedtime came, we all kissed mamma and retired early, as usual. Miss
Evelyn followed some hours later. When she came in, she carefully locked
the door, then looked at me to see if I was asleep. Why, I know not, but
I was instinctively prompted to feign sleep. I did so successfully,
notwithstanding the passing of the candle before my eyes. So she at once
commenced undressing. When her back was turned, I opened my eyes, and
greedily devoured her naked charms as they were gradually exhibited
before me. The moment she turned round, I was again as if asleep. I have
said that my passions had begun to develop themselves, but as yet I did
not understand their force or direction. I well remember this first
night, when a fine ripe woman gradually removed every particle of dress
within a couple of yards of me—the effect of each succeeding charm, from
her lovely and beautifully formed bubbies to the taking off her shoes
and stockings from her well-formed legs and small feet and ankles,
caused my prick to swell and stiffen to a painful extent. When all but
her chemise was removed, she stopped to pick up her petticoats that she
had allowed to fall to her feet, and in lifting them, raised also her
chemise, and exposed to my view a most glorious bottom—dazzlingly white
and shining like satin. As the light was full upon it, and she was still
in a stooping position, I could see that below her slit she was well
covered with dark hair. Turning round, to put her petticoats on a chair,
and to take up her nightgown, she slipped her chemise from her arm, and
letting it fall to the ground while she lifted the nightgown over her
head, I had for some seconds a view of her beautiful belly, thickly
covered with dark curly hair over the mount of Venus. So voluptuous was
the sight, I almost shuddered, so intense was my excitement. She now sat
down on the bed to take off her shoes and stockings. Oh! what beautiful
thighs, legs, ankles, and feet she had!

I am now advanced in life, and have had many handsome and well-formed
women, but I never saw limbs more voluptuously formed.

In a few minutes the light was extinguished, and a rushing rill flowed
into the night vase; very different from the gentle tricklings from
myself and sisters as we often squatted down opposite each other and
crossed water, laughing at the different sources from which they flowed.
My sisters often envied me the power of directing the spurt where I
pleased, so little were we from dreaming of the real intent of that
projecting little instrument.

I heard the charming creature get into bed, and shortly breathe hard. As
for me, I could not sleep. I lay awake the greater part of the night,
afraid to be restless, lest I should disturb Miss Evelyn and give her
reason to think I had been observant of her undressing. When at last I
dozed off, it was but to dream of all the charms I had seen.

About a month passed thus. Every night Miss Evelyn became more and more
at her ease, and confident of my mere childishness, often gave me
glorious and lengthened glimpses of her beautifully developed charms:
although it was only about every other night that I could enjoy them,
for, as they always produced sleeplessness afterwards, the following
night nature assured her rights, and I usually slept profoundly when I
would have preferred continued gazing on the charms of my lovely
governess. But, doubtless, those exhausting sleeps helped to throw her
off her guard, and gave me better opportunities than I should otherwise
have had. Once or twice she used the night ware before putting on her
nightgown, and I could see the rosy-lipped opening embosomed in
exquisite dark curls, pouring out its full measure of water; showing a
fine force of nature, and driving me wild with excitement. Yet it is
singular that I never once thought of applying to my fingers for relief
from the painful stiffness that nearly burst my prick asunder.

Whether mamma had observed my very frequent projection of my trousers,
or began to think it better I should not sleep in the same room as Miss
Evelyn, I cannot say, but she had my bed removed into her own. However,
I was so thoroughly treated as a mere boy by everyone in the house, that
Miss Evelyn seemed to forget my sex; and there was at all times a
freedom of carriage and an _abandon_ in her attitudes that she certainly
would not have indulged in if she had felt any restraint from
considering herself in the presence of a youth of the age of puberty.

In cold weather I used to sit on a low stool by the fire—Miss Evelyn was
seated in front, I had my lesson book on my knee, and she herself would
place her beautiful feet on the high school fender, with her work in her
lap, while she heard my sisters repeat their lesson, totally unconscious
that for half an hour at a time she was exposing her beautiful legs and
thighs to my ardent gaze; for sitting much below her, and bending my
head as if intent on my lesson, my eyes were below her raised
petticoats. Her close and tight-fitting white stockings displayed her
well-formed legs, for while confined to the house during our morning
lessons she did not wear drawers; so that in the position she sat in,
with her knees higher than her feet on the already high fender, and her
legs somewhat apart to hold her work in her lap more easily, the whole
glorious underswell of both thighs, and the lower part of her fine large
bottom, with the pinky slit quite visible, nestled in a rich profusion
of dark curls, were fully exposed to my view. The light from the fire
glancing under her raised petticoats tinged the whole with a glow, and
set me equally in a blaze of desire until I was almost ready to faint. I
could have rushed headlong under her petticoats, and kissed and fondled
that delicious opening and all its surroundings. Oh, how little she
thought of the passion she was raising. Oh! dear Miss Evelyn, how I did
love you from the dainty kid slipper and tight glossy silk stocking, up
to the glorious swell of the beautiful bubbies, that were so fully
exposed to me nearly every night, and the lovely lips of all that I
longed to lovingly embrace.

Thus day after day passed away, and Miss Evelyn became to me a goddess,
a creature whom, in my heart of hearts, I literally worshiped. When she
left the schoolroom, and I was alone, I kissed that part of the fender
her feet had pressed, and the seat on which she sat, and even the air an
inch above, imagination placing there her lovely cunt. I craved for
something beyond this without knowing exactly what I wanted; for, as
yet, I really was utterly ignorant of anything appertaining to the
conjunction of the sexes.

One day I had gone up to my sisters’ bedroom where the governess slept,
that I might throw myself on her bed, and in imagination embrace her
beautiful body. I heard someone approaching, and knowing that I had no
business there, I hid myself under the bed. The next moment Miss Evelyn
herself entered, and locked the door. It was about an hour before
dinner. Taking off her dress, and hanging it on the wardrobe, she drew
out a piece of furniture, which had been bought for her, the use of
which had often puzzled me; she took off the lid, poured water into its
basin, and placed a sponge near it. She then took off her gown, drew her
petticoats and chemise up to her waist and fastened them there,
straddled across it, and seated herself upon it.

I thus had the intoxicating delight of gazing on all her beautiful
charms, for when she tucked up her clothes she stood before her glass,
presenting to my devouring glance her glorious white bottom in all its
fullness, turning to approach the bidet, she equally exposed her lower
belly and beautiful mount, with all its wealth of hair. While straddling
over the bidet before she sat down, the whole of her pinky-lipped cunt
broke on my enraptured sight. Never shall I forget the wild excitement
of the moment. It was almost too much for my excited senses;
fortunately, when seated, the immediate cause of my almost madness
vanished. She sponged herself well between the thighs for about five
minutes. She then raised herself off the bidet, and for a moment again
displayed the pouting lips of her cunt—then stood fronting me for two or
three minutes while she removed, with the rinsed sponge, the trickling
drops of water which still gathered on the rich bush of curls around her
quim. Thus her belly, mount and thighs, whose massy-fleshed and most
voluptuous shape were more fully seen by me than they had heretofore
been, and it may easily be conceived into what a state such a deliberate
view threw me.

Oh, Miss Evelyn, dear, delicious Miss Evelyn! what would you have
thought had you known that I was gazing on all your angelic charms, and
that my eager eyes had been straining themselves to penetrate the
richness of those charming pouting lips which lay so snugly in that rich
mass of dark curling hair. Oh! how I do long to kiss them; for at that
time I had no other idea of embracing and still less of penetrating
them.